Added an example for LLM stack components (#202)
DAGWorks-Inc/hamilton: examples/llm/README.md

> # Use Hamilton to power your LLM application [WIP]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using Hamilton for getting data into your vector database
```

Author: Untangling the 2 branches.

> # Use Hamilton to power your LLM application [WIP]

Reviewer: A general file overview would be helpful, and could you please add a visualization of what we've defined in Hamilton, using the .visualize functionality of the driver, and add that as a line to show people how they can visualize their code.

Author: Untangling the 2 branches.

> In this example, blog posts are retrieved from the web as HTML. Then, they are preprocessed using Unstructured and embedded using into Weaviate. Vectors are retrieved to power generative features. Hamilton helps organize your code by creating data flows between services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, blog posts are retrieved from the web as HTML. Then, they are preprocessed using Unstructured and embedded into Weaviate, an open source vector database. Vectors would then be  retrieved to power generative features. Hamilton helps to organize your code by creating and defining a data flow to pull blog posts and process them into the vector database.
```

Author: Untangling the 2 branches.
